180 Deprecate HFTs and Puppet 5 in v2 (#181)
cyberark/conjur-puppet: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.0.6] - 2020-08-10

### Deprecated
- Support for using the Conjur Puppet module with Puppet v5 is now deprecated.
  Support will be removed in the next major release. The host factory token

>   method of providing the Puppet agent with its Conjur identity will also no
>   longer be supported as of the next major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  method of providing the Puppet agent with its Conjur identity will also no
  longer be supported out of the box in this module as of the next major version,
  though you may still use host factory tokens to automate the creation of Conjur
  host identities, as long as this module is ultimately configured with Conjur host
  identity and API key.
```

@alexkalish too verbose?

> - Support for using the Conjur Puppet module with Puppet v5 is now deprecated.
>   Support will be removed in the next major release. The host factory token
>   method of providing the Puppet agent with its Conjur identity will also no
>   longer be supported as of the next major version.
>   [cyberark/conjur-puppet#180](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-puppet/issues/180)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for using the Conjur Puppet module with Puppet v5 is now deprecated.
  Support will be removed in the next major release.
  [cyberark/conjur-puppet#180](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-puppet/issues/180)
- Support for using the module to bootstrap Conjur identity using host factory
  tokens is now deprecated. Support will be removed in the next major release.
  Users may still use host factory tokens to automate the creation of Conjur host
  identities, as long as this module is ultimately configured with the Conjur host
  identity and API key.
  [cyberark/conjur-puppet#180](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-puppet/issues/180)
```

## [Unreleased]

## [2.0.6] - 2020-08-10

### Deprecated
- Support for using the Conjur Puppet module with Puppet v5 is now deprecated.
  Support will be removed in the next major release.
  [cyberark/conjur-puppet#180](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-puppet/issues/180)

> - Support for using the module to bootstrap Conjur identity using host factory
>   tokens is now deprecated. Support will be removed in the next major release.
>   Users may still use host factory tokens to automate the creation of Conjur host
>   identities, as long as this module is ultimately configured with the Conjur host
>   identity and API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for configuring this module to exchange [host factory](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/Operations/Services/host_factory.html)
   tokens for Conjur host identities and API keys is now deprecated. You may still configure your systems to
   [create a host](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/Developer/Conjur_API_Create_Host.htm) using
   host factory, however, as long as you provide this module with the Conjur host identity and API key.
```
